# Induction Manager

IMPORTANT : In server.js ,  change the email to your email id and the password to the 16 character app password generated by google after enabling two step verification.


This is a project to make a Induction Manager, to help in the induction process.
It was made using HTML, CSS, JavaScipt , Node.js

All the files should be the proper diretories, that is, index.html, style.css and script.js should be inside the "public" folder.
server.js, emails.txt and useres.txt should be outside the "public" folder.

Initially, emails.txt and users.txt are empty.

Upon running the server, the web page will open.
It has a animated gradient background as a heading. 

The main section is divided into 3 sections.
The right most section has feature to take input the name , id number and email of a person. Upon clicking the button, it will save the details of the person in users.txt in proper format.
Moreover, it will also make a copy of the email provided and save it in the emails.txt .

The middle section has a feature to set reminders. After inputting the name of event, date and time, and clicking the button, it will set a reminder.
An alert will show up when the time comes.

The left section is for sending emails. You have to put in the subject of the email in the top input box and write the email in the textarea.
When you click the button, it will automatically send emails to everyone whose email addresses were stored in the emails.txt. 
After the mails are sucessfully sent, an alert will pop up.
